Docs: fix broken link (#156)
nix-community/nixpkgs-fmt: README.md

weighted that way.

To implement this, we needed a whitespace and comment-preserving parser which

> [rnix](https://gitlab.com/jD91mZM2/rnix) provides to us. Then create an engine

Reviewer: The parser has actually moved:
```suggestion
[rnix](https://github.com/nix-community/rnix-parser) provides to us. Then create an engine
```
